Years ago, monsters from the depths below took over the surface world. You and your family managed to esacpe to a safe village. Today, you wake up to sounds of screaming and cries for help. You quickly realize the monsters have found your safe haven. You run outside and discover your neighbor being attacked. You watch your neighbor scream in terror as a monster towers over him. The monsters are tearing apart your entire village, and you might be next if you don't escape now.
You see an opening out of your village where there's no monsters lurking. You sprint to escape your destroyed village, leaving behind your family, friends, and home. Not far into the woods, you see a creature lunge from behind the trees and attack another fleeing villager.
Despite you having no weapons or defense, you rush at the monster. Fighting with your bare hands, you punch and punch at the monster, hoping he'll relieve the villager. Instead, the monster hits you with one swift hit in the head, and you're knocked dead on the forest ground.
You sprint away from the monster and villager, getting out of its path as quickly as possible. The villager stood no chance against the monster, as it finished him off within seconds. The monster swiftly turned its attention to you and began chasing you. Your stamina isn't the greatest, and the monster catches you quickly. You die within seconds. 
You dash towards your neighbor. On the ground, you keenly notice a shiny pocket knife dropped by your neighbor. Careful to stay out of sight, you pick it up and get ready for your next decision.
In a show of heorism, you plunge the pocket knife into the distracted monster. The monster drops to the ground and releases your neighbor. The weak neighbor breaths his last breath and you look around your now devastated village. You can't help but reminance of a time of safety and prosperity.
You cast all of that behind, grab what you can, and flee into the wasteland. You fight the tears building up and try and focus on one thing: survival. Before all of this happened, you have heard about a village to the east and decide to head there. As dark sets, you feel your hunger growing and realize you only grabbed one food item before leaving.
As you keep on going, you hear a noise nearby and decide to inspect it. Getting closer you notice the sound came from a vile monster. He looks angry and dangerous, but maybe you should get a closer look.
You decide to not take any chances and plunge your trusty knife into the fiend. After the grueling battle, you notice a nest of baby creatures now orphaned by your horrible actions. You have no soul. You are scum... but seeing this has now made you feel reinvigorated. You can't help but wonder what it would be like to kill more.
Surveying the landscape for 'potential threats' you see another hostile creature minding his own business in the distance. Would it be so wrong to permanently prevent it from harming others in the future?
The thrill of the hunt enthralls you as you feel the life force drain from this horrible creature. You have never felt so alive before. Continuing on your journey, you notice a harmless infant monster with his siblings.
It's almost too easy. The screams remind you of the joyful music you listened to as as a kid. You can't help but scour for more things to relieve of their life on this world. Luckily it didn't take long for you to find the beloved village dog. He must have ran away.
Your smile never vanishes as you breathe in this creature's last breath. Continuing walking, all you can think about is the next hunt. Finally you find the village. Upon entering, a young woman is horrified by the amount of blood on your body. If only she knew it wasn't yours. You explain what happened to your village and they welcome you with open arms. You feel an urge...
You can't stop yourself. You decimate the entire village with your bare hands and not before long all you see is red. Your thirst can never be satisfied.
You trek through the forest, searching for a village. Suddenly, a monster appears out of the trees. You slow your pace, hoping to avoid it. As you creep through the forest, you step on a branch, making a loud *CRACK*. The monster whips its head towards you, snarling with the joyous idea of killing you. 
Unfortunately, it's no use. The monster lunges at you before you can even lift your foot. It rips you apart, limb from limb, and you die alone in the forest.
You prepare to run from the monster. Before you can make your first move, your monster companion lunges in front of you, growling and roaring at the beast in front of you. The monster cowers and scrambles away from you and your new monstrous friend. You resume your search for the village, eager to find a safe place out of the woods. After many long hours, you eventually see the walls of a village. With hesitation, you approach the village, hoping the monsters haven't gotten to it first. As you get closer, you see guards standing near the walls, watching you approach. As you become more visible to them, so does the blood on your clothes. The guards run to get the village head. He arrives, and you explain what happened to your village back home. The village head welcomes you with open arms, assuring you that you'll be safe within his village walls. 
You prepare yourself for a fight with the monster. You pull out your pocket knife, ready to take it on. The monster lunges at you, but you thought ahead. You quickly dash towards its feet, slicing at the ankles. The monster screams in agony and falls to the forest floor. You sprint away while the monster is down, never looking back. You resume your search for the village, eager to find a safe place out of the woods. After many long hours, you eventually see the walls of a village. With hesitation, you approach the village, hoping the monsters haven't gotten to it first. As you get closer, you see guards standing near the walls, watching you approach. As you become more visible to them, so does the blood on your clothes. The guards run to get the village head. He arrives, and you explain what happened to your village back home. The village head welcomes you with open arms, assuring you that you'll be safe within his village walls.
You graciously accept the village head's offer and decide to make a new life in this village. You find new friends and, eventually, love. You live out your days surrounded by your new family, protected from the monsters outside.
You kindly decline the village head's offer, turning back towards the forest. You learn the way of the woods and how to survive on your own. Over the years, you gain more and more fighting experience, slaying all monsters you come across. You live to become a local legend.
Upon closer inspection, the creature appears to be friendly. After showing you are no threat, the creature decides to follow you as you continue your search. While searching, a monster appears, and it's going to attack.
You shake off the feeling and decide survival is more important as you continue your search. While searching, a monster appears, and it's going to attack.
After looking around, everyone you find is dead and monsters are running rampid. You have to flee.
Despite the risk you search for your family. What you saw you could not prepare yourself for. You are paralyzed by shock and fear as a shadow looms over you. At least you died with your family.
You hide out of sight and chuck the nearest rock far away. The monster hears the noise and runs off. Your neighbor seems to be still breathing.
His wounds are severe, in his last breaths he notifies you of a group of friendly monsters nearby. You wonder if there are others still alive in the village.
Maybe that knowledge that would have been useful in another life, but for now you venture further. As you run, you look at the possible options.
You travel north for hours under the hot sun. Eventually, you encounter a group of raiders. They don't look friendly.
Your weak person stood no chance against a group of armed raiders. Seriously, what were you thinking?
You run for long and collapse with exhaustion. You dream of the village dog and awake in a cold sweat. How could you do that? You shrug off the dream and quickly notice you collapsed right next to a barn. It's perfctly intact and would be the perfect place for camp, but you can't help but wonder if there's more out there.
You travel for days, barely surviving. But finally you encounter a village of people accepting you with open arms. For some reason, for just a second, you felt the strangest violent urge. You ignore it for a peaceful and better life in this new village.
You stay, feeling peace with your decision.